hey it's catch what's going on today
we're going to be putting a roll pad on
my 98 Ram 1500 hopefully might learn
something step 1 take a tailgate off
step to remove shitty old bumper and we
do that yeah here's what we're dealing
with
so there's a this bracket here attached
to the bumpier which goes onto the frame
you will take these three bolts the 9/16
head is 11 16th and she's nice and I'll
see because we're here in Canada okay so
I got the bolts out on the driver's side
and you can see they put this little
bracket here on it to try and help you
out so you don't have to try and jam a
wrench in there or whatnot but anyway
you can see it broke so that caused a
little conundrum and I don't have a
torch here but I got a hell of an air
hammer and an angle grinder so yeah
there's your end result right they're
both pretty decked but at least we got
her out hopefully the other side goes a
lot smoother those littles came in a lot
better everybody should have one of
these to stop on 350 beefcake okay so
the bumpers off
now we just got to take this license
plate holder off and the license plate
lights yeah okay so got the bumper off
finally Russ Sox moaning a chicken gfy
um and all that good stuff there we go
thank you
and thank God for air compressors so
we're in in a more BS but we got her in
place and I'll bolt it on you how to
take the hatch off but not sorry because
I wanted to paint it anyway anyways we
got her up on jack stands a clamped in
place and you can't really see it oh
yeah
but if you see there with plastic meat
smell we're just gonna put some dirty
self-tapping screws in there and
hopefully she'll touch yourself to the
old Dodge let's see what happens you're
thinking of doing that yourself you're
probably dumb or you better have a
pretty nice relationship with your ego
all out PS cuz I'm not gonna lie I
started this job like four hours ago I
thought I was going to take like maybe
an hour and I'm finally partially done
just give you a look here
she is on hi Josh
yeah you just kind of put some salt
Stoppers I put three in each side kick
came with seven screws but we're going
to put them we're gone anyway there are
pieces of crap there are sheet metal
screws or just cheap junk because they
didn't have the tapping bets on the end
of them so I got these babies from
cheese
everybody knows cheese everybody likes
cheese every Bush that's cheese in their
life yeah there's the other side oh well
in there oh there's the Sun that's been
in my eyes all day you guys never shot a
lot right there
so now all you got to do is put the old
license plate in and light under the old
baby so the plan is to take these lights
over here
license plate lights because we don't
need the GU policia on us saying that
there's no lights in the back so just
some Torx screws
I'll take those there these are nice
plugins and everything take them out and
hopefully we can hog the whole in here
with the old drill and make your work
back we're done not hopefully it's less
than an hour huh
so she's all done put these lights in
pretty much the same way they were on
the old bunker and yeah happy with that
shitty old bugger all right so after
lots of swearing and breaking stuff and
everything else got the roll pan on I'm
real happy with the way it looks
hopefully you learned something just got
to splash some paint on her now so
thanks for watching comment rate and hit
the yellow button if you feel the need
Getty